Implement Auth0 for Skylight (#205)
mozilla/skylight: CONTRIBUTING.md

This documention is a work-in-progress that we'll be filling in as our best
practices solidify.

## Setting local environment variables

1. Copy the sample env file

    `cp .env.sample .env.local`

1. Modify variables in .env.local, e.g. uncommenting the `EXPERIMENTER_API_CALL`
   line will switch from the default of live experiments to preview experiments

## Running the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Enabling Auth0 locally

Local development currently has Auth0 turned off.
It’s possible to enable Auth0 locally (if desired) for testing, by setting the 
correct Auth0 values in `.env.local`, and using

```bash
npm run start
```
to run the build, which simulates the prod environment.

> To test Auth0 locally, please create an account at https://auth0.com/, create a new app,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test Auth0 locally, start with these steps:

1. Create an account at https://auth0.com/ by clicking the "Login" button and following the prompts
2. Open the Applications section in the sidebar
3. create a new app
```

and add the correct properties to `.env.local`:
  
Auth0 properties
# A long, secret value used to encrypt the session cookie 

> # (use [openssl rand -hex 32] to generate a 32 bytes value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (use `openssl rand -hex 32` to generate a 32 byte value)
```

AUTH0_SECRET='LONG_RANDOM_VALUE'

# The base url of the application
AUTH0_BASE_URL='http://localhost:3000'

# The url of the Auth0 tenant domain
AUTH0_ISSUER_BASE_URL='AUTH0_TENANT_URL'

# The application's Client ID
AUTH0_CLIENT_ID='YOUR_AUTH0_CLIENT_ID'

# The application's Client Secret
AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET='YOUR_AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET'

> Within the Auth0 dashboard, set the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the Application URIs section of the Auth0 application Settings pane, set the following properties:
```

```
Application Login URI: https://fxms-skylight.netlify.app/api/auth/login

Allowed Callback URLs: http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback

Allowed Logout URLs: https://fxms-skylight.netlify.app/, http://localhost:3000

> ```

Reviewer: It's not obvious to me why any of the local development callback URLs would points to Netlify. If this is truly necessary, can you clarify why in the text?

Author: So I just tested this && the only one that's actually required to point to `https://fxms-skylight.netlify.app/` is the login URI; Auth0 won't accept a non-https URL or a localhost for that. I can put that explanation in the doc :)

This documention is a work-in-progress that we'll be filling in as our best
practices solidify.

## Setting local environment variables

1. Copy the sample env file

    `cp .env.sample .env.local`

1. Modify variables in .env.local, e.g. uncommenting the `EXPERIMENTER_API_CALL`
   line will switch from the default of live experiments to preview experiments

## Running the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Enabling Auth0 locally

Local development currently has Auth0 turned off.
It’s possible to enable Auth0 locally (if desired) for testing, by setting the 
correct Auth0 values in `.env.local`, and using

```bash
npm run build && npm run start 
```
to run the build, which simulates the prod environment.

To test Auth0 locally, start with these steps:

1. Create an account at https://auth0.com/ by clicking the "Login" button and following the prompts
2. Open the Applications section in the sidebar
3. create a new app

> and add the correct properties to `.env.local`:

Reviewer: Please add something about creating a test user in the Auth0 UI.
